Israeli uh strikes have targeted the
Palestinian red crescent headquarters in
K Unis in southern Gaza for a second day
joining us now on Al jazer is nbal farak
who's the organization spokesperson uh
live from ramala nbal thank you so much
for for being with us so your office is
being shelled in can Unice I understand
what more can you tell us about this and
is your staff
safe good morning thanks for having me
um early this morning uh Israeli
occupation forces targets the Palestine
red crescent headquarters in hunis
artillery shelling on the fourth floor
uh a number of injuries among the
displaced people who are near the
building from the gun fires from uh the
Drone uh gladly no injuries from the
artillery Shing but this absolutely is
putting at risk the lives of thousands
of displaced people who are taking
shelter inside the Palestine redent
headquarters and near the building the
situation remains extremely dangerous as
you know since uh yesterday there was a
significant escalation in attacks on the
Palestine redent Al AML hospital for
hours no one was able to get in or go
out our EMS teams were unable uh to go
out to reach the wounded people uh in
the area however lately they managed to
take one of the roads uh to reach and
Evacuate the wounded and injuries this
is was um extremely still dangerous it's
not um easy at all and we managed to
evacuate one of them who are still
having surgeries now due to their
critical injuries and not only our teams
the movement in un is extremely hard
almost no one is able to get into into
the city or go out so the entire
population almost are trapped under very
intense air strikes AR tillering along
with gunfire from the Israeli drones
yeah I was going to ask you how how the
you know this is affecting your ability
to provide services for people in
canun today uh also marks almost 12 uh
day of complete communication blackout
in hanun there is no uh landline
cellular uh communication as well as
Wi-Fi connection that means people are
not able to call the 101 emergency line
our teams now are facing significant
challenges reaching to the wounded
people because the area is extremely
dangerous and there's a ongoing targets
for the Palestine rent ambulance teams
in the area uh also us we we still uh
almost disconnected
from our teams in hun because we can't
call them and the only way to get any
information from them is via the VHF
radio which is encountered to regular
Distortion and disconnection we remain
extremely worried regarding the safety
of our teams in hanun and still call on
the International Community to intervene
immediately to provide the protection
for our Medical Teams and our facilities
civilians and healthcare workers are not
targets MH I was that brings me to my
next question nebal I mean you you talk
about the difficulty uh of reaching your
teams in car Yunis the challenges for
your teams in canun to reach people
there and and to help them out it's not
the first time that the Palestinian red
crescent has come under attack in Gaza
having been targeted in in the past few
weeks as well do you think Israel is
deliberately targeting you
is that there is a systematic Target
from the Israeli occupation forces for
the Palestine radic Crescent parames
since the beginning of this war not only
for the Palestine red crescent parames
but also also for the entire health
system in Gaza up to this moment eight
palestin rrent paramedics were killed
while they were on duty trying to save
people's life and Evacuate the injuries
29 others were injured at least 18 of
our centers in Gaza have been targeted
and had some damages 14 ambulances went
completely out of service along with
other 19 who had several damages due to
these continuous attacks the major
hospital alud hospital for the Palestine
ricent in Gaza has went out of service
after being tgy and besieged and now it
looks like like we're facing the same
scenario the same fate again with Al AML
Hospital in hunis so I'm wondering what
we should do as a humanitarian agency
the only thing we want to do is to
continue providing our humanitarian life
saving services in Gaza for people in
desperate need of it the situation
remains
dire chall continuous attack is a still
and unfortunately the International
Community fail to provide the protection
for civilians humanitarian agencies and
healthcare workers yeah extremely
challenging for you uh to work in these
circumstances nbal fak spokeswoman for
the Palestinian red crescent joining us
there from ramala we appreciate your
time thank you very
much